
Rvr Established by the renowned Nagarjuna Education Society (1967) in the year 1985, the College drew its initial impetus from people's representatives, local doctors, charitable trusts and commercial houses of Guntur District.

Today, it enjoys flagship status among the eight constituent institutions that are governed by Nagarjuna Education Society. The founder-members of Nagarjuna Education Society and their successors have provided abundant inputs to turn a mere 3 programmes -180-intake College into a 19 programmes - 1596 - intake by the academic year 2023-2024. The premier status of the institution is made possible by sticking to our core-principles of student-focus, Human Resource Development and emphasis on total quality.

To its credit, the institution has been accredited 7 times for all eligible courses by the National Board of Accreditation in 1998, 2002, 2007, 2012, 2017, 2021 and 2022 had also received NAAC - A+ Grade in 2021. The institute is under NIRF rank band 201 - 250 (for 2022) and ISO 9001:2015 certification from 2019. The institute's past efforts in academic performances, and the capability of self governance won the status of autonomy in 2012, and this status of autonomy made it more responsible and ambitious.

Swayam NPTEL IIT Madras recognized the college with 'AAA' Grade for the third time (National Level-Sixth Rank in the Country and First Rank in the State). In the Times Engineering Institutes Ranking Survey 2023 conducted by Times of India, the institution secured 36th position in Top 125 Private Engineering Institutes; 39th position in Top 170 Engineering Institutes and 26th position in Top 30 Institutes- Research capability at National Level. Also, in the above survey, the institution secured 3rd rank in the categories of Infrastructure and Research Capability among the Top Private Engineering Institutes in A.P., at State Level. In the Education World India Private Engineering Colleges Rankings Survey 2022-23, the College won 58th rank All over India and 3rd Rank among A.P. Top rated Private Engineering Colleges. Ranked 72 in India in the Best Engineering Colleges Survey 2023 conducted by THE WEEK Magazine. Ranked 23 in the Top T-Schools in India 2023 (Private) in the Survey 2023 conducted by Data Quest Magazine, are just a few examples not to boast about the college but to narrate with modesty, the successful path, it is treading on.

Once again, humbly to state, the college is not content with what it accomplished in the form of awards and rewards but is continuously striving to provide holistic education to the engineering aspirants.

Vision of rvr is
To develop integrated manpower with the right attitude, possessing knowledge and skills, required to make an honorable living and contribute to the socioeconomic development and welfare of the society.

Mission of rvr is
To produce globally agile graduates with value orientation, professional competency, critical and creative thinking, and lifelong learning.
To enrich the society through education and research by generating proficient manpower, capable of contributing to the needs of the industry.
To provide a conducive learning environment, encompassing knowledge, communication, and soft skills that enable students to transform themselves into global leaders.
Quality Policy
To pursue standards in all endeavors, with a holistic educational motive of continuous monitoring, evaluation, and improvement, aiming at the total satisfaction of the stakeholders.
Values and Core Principles of rvr
The culture of an institution is a shared system of values, beliefs, and attitudes that shapes and enhances behavior. "The culture is determined through the organization from top to bottom, and we must live our values to continuously improve." We define our organization culture broadly by six operating Core Principles that guide us.
Student Focus 
The primary focus is not only to educate the students but to inspire them to become innovative and contribute to the society.
Strengthen Faculty and Staff
The faculty inspire us and direct all we do academically. The staff deliver the administrative services and partner with the faculty. "Newer inputs have to be added continuously to the capabilities of people."
Foster Leadership and Ethical Decision Making
Leadership and ethical decision-making are essential for the growth of the organization and individual.Committed to Accountability and Excellence
- If we are to remain relevant and attract the best of the students and faculty, the culture of excellence shall pervade the whole institution both in academic and administrative areas.
Focus on Resource Management
- The financial well-being of an institution is critical for its success. "We embrace responsibility-centered management for improving our financial strength."
Heighten Reputation
- All the units of the institution will gain in many ways through reputation, and it is everyone's endeavor to add to the reputation.
While our strategy for action may not directly reflect our core principles, they invariably go into our basic planning & development processes.

Achievements
Looking back through the 39 years of journey, there were moments of pride. The notable achievements include:

 Accredited 7 times for all eligible courses by the National Board of Accreditation, AICTE.
 Received NAAC: A+ Grade in 2021.
 Ranked under NIRF 201-250 (2022) and ISO 9001:2015 certification from 2019.
 Recognized with `AAA` Grade by Swayam NPTEL IIT Madras (National Level-Sixth Rank in the Country and First Rank in the State).
 Secured 36th position in Top 125 Private Engineering Institutes in the Times Engineering Institutes Ranking Survey 2023.
 Ranked 3rd in Infrastructure and Research Capability among Top Private Engineering Institutes in A.P.
It is our endeavor to improve continuously, with the suggestions of our academia, public, alumni, and students, without abandoning our culture and core principles.