Undergraduate Engineering Programmes (B.Tech) offered by the college and their approved intake are listed below.

Civil Engineering has an approved intake of 120 students.
Mechanical Engineering has an approved intake of 120 students.
Electronics and Communication Engineering has an approved intake of 180 students.
Computer Science and Engineering has an approved intake of 360 students.
Electrical and Electronics Engineering has an approved intake of 120 students.
Chemical Engineering has an approved intake of 60 students.
Information Technology has an approved intake of 180 students.
Computer Science and Business Systems has an approved intake of 60 students.
Computer Science and Engineering with specialization in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning has an approved intake of 180 students.
Computer Science and Engineering with specialization in Data Science has an approved intake of 180 students.
Computer Science and Engineering with specialization in Internet of Things has an approved intake of 60 students.

The total approved intake for Undergraduate Engineering programmes is 1560 students.
The college offers an Undergraduate Management programme.

Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) is offered with an approved intake of 60 students.
The total approved intake for all Undergraduate programmes including Engineering and Management is 1680 students.
Postgraduate Programmes offered by the college and their approved intake are listed below.

Master of Computer Applications (M.C.A.) has an approved intake of 60 students.
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) has an approved intake of 120 students.
M.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering has an approved intake of 6 students.
M.Tech in Structural Engineering has an approved intake of 6 students.
M.Tech in Power Systems Engineering has an approved intake of 6 students.
M.Tech in VLSI has an approved intake of 6 students.
M.Tech in Machine Design has an approved intake of 6 students.
M.Tech in Artificial Intelligence and Data Science has an approved intake of 6 students.

The total approved intake for Postgraduate programmes is 216 students.
